Revise SDL-0329 OnDataResumed Notification (#1129)
smartdevicelink/sdl_evolution: proposals/0329-on-data-resumed.md

## Proposed solution

The proposed solution is to create a new RPC notification named "OnDataResumed". This RPC is sent to an application directly after a RegisterAppInterfaceRequest only if an app supplies a valid hashID and resumption was successful during registration. 

> Ths notification will be sent to the connected application before Core sends the OnHMIStatus notification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This notification will be sent to the connected application before Core sends the OnHMIStatus notification.
```

SDL Core will not send this notification if there was no valid hashID provided, or resumption was failed. Failed resumption is noted by the result code: `RESUME_FAILED` in the RegisterAppInterfaceResponse.

> The OnDataResumed notification contains boolean values for each type of data resumed. True if the resumption was successful, False if it was not successful. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The OnDataResumed notification contains boolean values for each type of data resumed. True if the resumption was successful, False if the resumption failed. 
```

Reviewer: Only suggested to align better with line 56

> If the app did not use a particular resumption data item, that value will be omitted from the notification. For example if an app resumes and was not using Remote Control subscriptions, the `remoteControlSubscriptionsResumed` parameter would be omitted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the app did not use a particular resumption data item, that value will be omitted from the notification. For example, if an app resumes and was not using Remote Control subscriptions, the `remoteControlSubscriptionsResumed` parameter would be omitted.
```

### Mobile API Additions

```xml
<function name="OnDataResumed" functionID="OnDataResumed" messagetype="notification" since="x.x">
    <description>

>         Relays resumption status to registering applicaiton. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Relays resumption status to registering the application. 
```

        Parameters will be: 

>           - True if resumption was successful.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          - True if the resumption was successful.
```

>           - False if resumption was failed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          - False if the resumption failed.
```

          - Omitted if no resumption data exists.
    </description>

    <param name="choiceSetsResumed" type="Bool" mandatory="false">
    </param>

    <param name="mainMenuResumed" type="Bool" mandatory="false">
    </param>

    <param name="ephemeralFilesResumed" type="Bool" mandatory="false">
    </param>

    <param name="globalPropertiesResumed" type="Bool" mandatory="false">
    </param>

    <param name="vehicleDataSubscriptionsResumed" type="Bool" mandatory="false">
    </param>

    <param name="remoteControlSubscriptionsResumed" type="Bool" mandatory="false">
    </param>

    <param name="windowInfoResumed" type="Bool" mandatory="false">
    </param>
</function>
```

## Potential downsides

> Currently SDL Core will broadly accept resumption as a success or a failure. Due to the implementations of proposals [SDL 188](https://github.com/smartdevicelink/sdl_evolution/blob/master/proposals/0188-get-interior-data-resumption.md) and [SDL 190](https://github.com/smartdevicelink/sdl_evolution/blob/master/proposals/0190-resumption-data-error-handling.md), if any single resumption component fails, all other resumption items will be reversed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, SDL Core will broadly accept resumption as a success or a failure. Due to the implementations of proposals [SDL 188](https://github.com/smartdevicelink/sdl_evolution/blob/master/proposals/0188-get-interior-data-resumption.md) and [SDL 190](https://github.com/smartdevicelink/sdl_evolution/blob/master/proposals/0190-resumption-data-error-handling.md), if any single resumption component fails, all other resumption items will be reversed.
```

> Essentially this means that the values in onDataResumed will come back as either all true, or all false. Note: this does not include omitted values that were not used during resumption process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Essentially this means that the values in onDataResumed will come back as either all true, or all false. Note: this does not include omitted values that were not used during the resumption process.
```
